Sage 50 for accounting software..
quick books online  for accounting(cloud base..)

clients who are past their due to membership will be not in the good standing..

Microsoft dynamics (integrating with MS suite,  ease of use, word processing, keep it simple, automation,)


He is available and does not mind getting the question even at night but he will get back to you by next morning..

colors and designs are integrated to the theme of the website..

for now the changes in the members profiles are done manually.. so, automation is required..


the current website is a WordPress website..

if someone says they are gonna close their business and cancels the membership then, 
1st in the CRM (update in the CRM software)
2nd accounting software (clear all the billings)
3rd membership portal (remove them)


English and French Language..

Responsive for multiple displays sizes(M,T,L,D)..

All of the members data should be downloaded able in (excel form and pdf)..

automate (membership renewals and members in good standing..)

enable the field for the members to choose from..

mail cham
Mass sending email should be there in order to perform newsletter and notifications(it should also be choose able among different types of members..)..(nice to have)


A Nice to have is different window for the profile of the members..

filtration should be available based on the terms or NIA codes..

organizational continuality and database organization for backups data..

highlight the duplication or incomplete information's..

the VIP contact are the go to contact for those members with multiple point of contacts..

the logos or uploading contents should be available..(optional or might be in future..)

If the members cancels the membership completely their info should be archived and automated email should be sent..

There should be a customizable dashboard with key sections information's..

Payments will be handled by the Quick books and the accounting software's. 

















  
















