Client meeting 1

General Objectives
1)Key Goals: What are the top priorities for the CRM? (e.g., managing member data, streamlining communication, automating processes)

Simple, works, not costly, customizable. 
Looking for: A CRM that tracks conversations by email or phone call. 
Good contact page to keep track who comes and go. 
Filters - Who is my contact from the company ABC? Get a list of people that fits into a category and generate a view and export it to excel.
Ability to summarize the data: number of members, gdp, revenue, number of employees


2)Pain Points: What specific issues or challenges are you facing with the current system that you want the CRM to solve?
The info is not completed. Fragmented, different info.


Data Management
3)Can you provide a walkthrough of the existing Airtable setup, including the key features you use? Are there common issues with duplicate or outdated data that need to be addressed?


Features and Functionality
4)Automation Needs: Are there specific tasks or workflows you'd like the CRM to automate? (e.g., reminders for membership renewals, notifications for overdue payments)

Currently there is no automations. He would like:
Membership renewals.
Tracking members not in good standing.
Button to delete members. Because he need to go to the backend and remove them manually.
Notifications for member changes on the website (eg.: someone changed the address in the website). It is a WordPress website. That is static data? Yes. But members can change their info there.


5) What are the "must-have" features for the new platform (e.g., reporting, automation, user roles)?
Member Archive:
Good contact page to keep track who comes and go. 
Filters - Who is my contact from the company ABC? Get a list of people that fits into a category and generate a view and export it to excel.
Ability to summarize the data: number of members, gdp, revenue, number of employees
Ability to archive members as needed.
Uploads: Excel.
Download member info. Excel format. 
Logo.


User Roles and Permissions
6)User Access: Who will use the CRM (e.g., staff, administrators)? Should they have different levels of access or permissions?

Jordan is the only formal employee, however, it has board of 12 directors. Give the board read only access. 
Also work with 3rd party providers, so would be nice to give them some permissions.
Temporary Access: Ability to grant and revoke access (e.g., for a month).

3) Are you interesting to give them some access and them remove? yes. users for a month for example.


User Experience
7) Are there specific accessibility or design preferences for the interface?
Design - happy with the brand, logo and colour scheme(red and white) in website. He would like to change font - more industrial.

Reporting and Insights
8)Data Access: How often do you need to retrieve data quickly, and in what format? (e.g., downloadable Excel files, on-screen summaries)

Long-Term Vision
9) Are there other similar tools or platforms that you admire and would like to emulate?
Admired CRM: Microsoft Dynamics (integration with Microsoft Suite and user-friendly interface).

10)Success Metrics: How will you define success for this project once the CRM is complete?

11)Would it ever be possible that the same person might act as contact for multiple members? Yes.

12) Jordan's availability?
Work ours 8 to 5, but email at any time.

13) Real data? 
For now get the excel sheet info and generate fake data using AI.
Faculty and client will discuss if client can provide if not the real data, some more info - types of industries, types of membership.

Nice-to-Have Features
Invoice track. Link to the software click books online. Integrate accountant information.
Mobile support.
Bilingual support(En and Fr).
Track attendance in events
Marketing and Communication: Send targeted communications to specific groups (avoid spam perception - MailChimp).
Flexible marketing approach.
Data Backup. No current backup system; would like one in place.
Pictures are optional if not time-consuming.

Exclusions
Payments:
No payment processing required. He will continue to use another software for that.
Data Visualization: No need for charts or graphics.
They do not sell stuff. They do not need selling functionally.